0070BB 003262 ok so i need to change the colour palete and use these tpe of colour in combo with white are whicever you feel the bst.use it entirely to change the colour theme of whole website every single element. next thing is the menu bar or nav bar is not same on each page after login it shows lot of opt before login only 5 make each navbar the same.then i need user to wander freely and see what features are available so he can see every feature of website without login however if he click to use them like click on plan iternary or chat with ai it should then ask for signup or login nor at very begining let the user roam and see all the featues of the site . next is the stories section so lets make it like a book a legit book if a person has his first story it will be a books first page and we can turn books pages,if he ads next story it wil automatically create on next page which we can turn as see . there will be arrows whre we can click so that the books next page wil turn which we can see. so the add stiry ection also do it on the first page which will be empty first and will sam smthng like add memomry or story here and then i can add from them. after two thre memries there will be end page which wll contain this add story again. it wilil create a great memory design jst like travel albums  .next is plan iternary section so basicaly dont do more changes it in just redifine it to match style and make ir more profeesional not just buttons but dropdowns also etc. then comes the activity section which shows how much i planned etc etc in dashboard change its style it just shows numbrs it desnt look good maybe add pie charts or graphs or smthing else to make it look more atractive . it should be a your activity section.nexly the map in dashboard when i clik open the map it should take me to the location i planned my trip not just country map.make the website more professioal and classy. not just boxy design.ok without breaking the fucntionalities of the website go and work upon all these things without excedding your daily limit please .